Hello! My name is Christopher Millan and I am from Skokie, Illinois. I am a 4th
year co-terminal student in the Illinois Institute of Technology pursuing my
bachelor's and master's degree in computer science. Some of my favorite hobbies
to do include video gaming, bowling, volleyball, and playing the piano. I also
enjoy listening to all kinds of music, but I would say my favorite genres are
R&B, hip hop, blues, jazz, ballads, and sometimes classical.

I think my earliest influence towards computer science would be from my own
father, who is an IT in his own work. Probably one of the most memorable tidbits
would be while I was in grade school, where he would take me with him to my
school to help set up the new computer lab, even though I definitely had maybe a
ten percent understanding of what we were actually doing on a technical level.
However, it took me until my senior year of high school to actually be
introduced to the field of computer science via an AP course. I was really
intrigued learning how to program and creating algorithms that I kind of jumped
into my first coding competition with probably a month and a half of basic Java
knowledge. I didn't know much, but brute force got me and my partner 13th out of
40 pairs, a free shirt, and new knowledge of functionalities that I haven't
learned yet. The awe, frustration, and excitement I felt from that day inspired
me to continue to follow this computing path.

I remember from my CS 331: Data Structures course when my instructor was giving
his introduction about his class, and he asked the students, "What is computer
science?" He then proceeded to split up the term. "Well, computers are just
things that compute. And being computer scientists, that must mean we work with
computers all the time, right?" I would've said yes, but he shut down my
response saying that we probably spend 10-20 percent of our time coding in front
of a computer. "Then what about science? Is it a science like biology, physics,
or chemistry?" Kind of. There is research and testing involved, but we don't get
a fancy lab coat. "Then what in the world does a computer scientist do?"

He flips to the next slide and proceeds on to saying, "We're just professional problem solvers."
